c:\users\peerax\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KMCellCount\KMCellCount\Bin\Debug\Assets\ApplicationIcon.png
c:\users\peerax\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KMCellCount\KMCellCount\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileLarge.png
c:\users\peerax\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KMCellCount\KMCellCount\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileMedium.png
c:\users\peerax\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KMCellCount\KMCellCount\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileSmall.png
c:\users\peerax\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KMCellCount\KMCellCount\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileMediumLarge.png
c:\users\peerax\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KMCellCount\KMCellCount\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileSmall.png
c:\users\peerax\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KMCellCount\KMCellCount\Bin\Debug\KMCellCount.dll
c:\users\peerax\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KMCellCount\KMCellCount\Bin\Debug\KMCellCount.pdb
c:\users\peerax\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KMCellCount\KMCellCount\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
c:\users\peerax\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KMCellCount\KMCellCount\Bin\Debug\Properties\WMAppManifest.xml
c:\users\peerax\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KMCellCount\KMCellCount\Bin\Debug\KMCellCount_Debug_AnyCPU.xap
c:\users\peerax\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KMCellCount\KMCellCount\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\peerax\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KMCellCount\KMCellCount\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\peerax\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KMCellCount\KMCellCount\obj\Debug\KMCellCount.g.resources
c:\users\peerax\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KMCellCount\KMCellCount\obj\Debug\KMCellCount.Resources.AppResources.resources
c:\users\peerax\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KMCellCount\KMCellCount\obj\Debug\KMCellCount.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\peerax\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KMCellCount\KMCellCount\obj\Debug\KMCellCount.dll
c:\users\peerax\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KMCellCount\KMCellCount\obj\Debug\KMCellCount.pdb
c:\users\peerax\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KMCellCount\KMCellCount\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
c:\users\peerax\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KMCellCount\KMCellCount\Bin\Debug\Resources\ic_launcher-web.png
c:\users\peerax\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KMCellCount\KMCellCount\obj\Debug\Page1.g.cs
